hey everyone can be king 77 here from
the AC syndicate team here to do a video
showing you off a new accessory I got
will not really new but a little bit
different one thing you'll notice about
my epic 4g touch a little different I
took off my flag rip so you'll see that
right there it actually feels really
really strange now that it's not on
there it feels very uncomfortable almost
dropped it a couple times already paid
off for a while but I also kind of want
to do this video showing you guys it
leaves no residue whatsoever when you
kick it off absolutely nothing I've hit
on for a while and it obviously didn't
come off my just slid a butter knife
underneath and popped it out I took a
little bit of time but I definitely got
it all out and I mean it really shows no
signs of being on there whatsoever but I
actually got a new one as you can see
right here got it shipped in the mail
right here flag up custom custom ecs
flag rib right there so I'm going to pop
that on my epic 4g touch in a little bit
I'm very excited to get this on there I
do have a flag group and all my other
phones unfortunately not acs customized
as you can see got one am an epic 4g
motorola Photon and my Nexus I got a
mano all four of these devices so very
excited to put this on there so let's go
ahead and pop it on alright got it out
of the packaging as you can see comes
with instructions a couple pads as well
as an extra adhesive but anyways let's
go ahead and get into it as you can see
you got the nice acs emblem right here
this integrated it's not just a piece of
paper printed and taped down there it's
it's literally printed on the flag group
so very exciting i am the only one in
the world with this so i know you guys
are very jealous but let's just pop it
on really quick obviously got to take
the back off i do want to talk about how
the great response i've been getting
from people on this accessory i've been
getting a lot of people thanking me for
pointing this out to them as well as
basically how awesome it is i mean it
really is an amazing accessory as you
can see i got it on my phones for a
reason so it really does help you got to
find your obviously your spot let's go
ahead and just pop this on let me adjust
a little bit so i can get it in the
right spot I don't want to mess it up of
course so let me just pop it in where I
know I like the flag group to be and
there you have it BAM so there it is so
now I got my custom ACS flag rip on
my epic 4g touch very exciting now I can
show it off to everyone let me pop it on
it's really nothing I got to push it in
a little bit more to get the adhesive
this stick but there you have it so now
I have my new customized ACS flag herb
can sport a CS emblem as well as my flag
right now so very exciting there
remember that you do can get free
shipping with code qbking 77 as well as
I believe you get a free grip I mean a
free grip a free case along with the
purchase of one so comes with a case you
get free shipping so definitely a good
deal check it on out i'll link to that
in the description of the video but
that's it obviously you cannot you can't
buy an acs flag herb customize my group
unfortunately but i kind of want to just
make you guys jealous and show it off
but yeah that's it let me know what you
think of it we've come on the video
below be sure to subscribe to me follow
me on facebook twitter and google+ all
links to be in description the video as
always thanks for watching be sure to
give this video a thumbs up